As we saw with the response from our public easy to instance and the web page from there we can access
our public easy to instance.
But how about our private is to instance.
And as you can see our private easy to instance doesn't have any public IP addresses as it is being
private.
That's actually what we wanted to achieve with our private easy to instance.
So it has the 10.0 that to that 200 IP as the private IP address.
So it is not possible to go to this easy to instance in any way from the outside internet.
The only way to connect to this is to instance is either from the another machine within the private
easy to instance private subnet actually or from the public subnet or public easy to instance within
the public subnet since they are on the same PC block same BPC.
Then we can simply access them.
And the way to do that is basically using the key pair for private easy to access and remember'd out
we have the same key pair for both public and private is the two instances.
So if you get the.
Sorry about that.
So if we go back to our all part and if you get the private key for our easy two instances and save
that in a file and try to S-sh into our public easy to instance and once you connect there you can use
the same private key for our private easy to instance to connect to that machine.
That's basically the only way for now to connect to our private E.S. two instances.
And for the time being I'm not going to do that but you're definitely encouraged to do within your local
environment to copy this private key and then use it to connect to first to public.
Easy to instance and then to private is to instance that's the basic way to access our private easy
to instance.
Again it's not open to the world to the outside world for accessing.